---
title: Success
date: 2004-11-28T11:54:04+00:00
author: Ben
layout: post
permalink: /2004/11/28/success/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - School
---
The senior class voted a few weeks ago for awards for members of our class. My friend Tom got &#8220;Most Artistic,&#8221; Krissy got &#8220;Best Hair,&#8221; and so on, without much surprise. I was expecting to get &#8220;Most Musical,&#8221; if I were to get any award at all. So, when student council members interrupted our class to give out awards, and I didn&#8217;t get anything, I was actually somewhat depressed for a moment.

Then, about ten minutes later, they came back with two other awards--one being mine, and another for Ross. I couldn&#8217;t believe what I had gotten: &#8220;Most Likely to Succeed.&#8221; I didn&#8217;t expect that one at all. I was definitely expecting someone--anyone--else to get that one. I mean, I don&#8217;t even know what I&#8217;m going to do for sure in the future.

Who knows what will happen? The class hit the nail on the head with most of the other students, maybe I&#8217;m just to hard on myself. I could see myself being successful. Heck, I think that&#8217;s sort of one of my goals, although loosely defined.

Either that, or they didn&#8217;t know who to vote for, and for some reason a majority just happened to vote for me. I like those chances. I still can&#8217;t believe I&#8217;ve been put up in the ranks with Jamie, the female recipient of the award. If you would have told me about this anytime before this year, I definitely wouldn&#8217;t have believed you. Ever.

Oh, and by the way, Eric got &#8220;Most Musical&#8221; for males. I&#8217;m glad it went to him. It was rather decidedly between us two for choices. Congratulations!