---
layout: post
title: "Dropbox spooks users with new AI features that send data to OpenAI when used"
date: 2023-12-16
---

> On Wednesday, news quickly spread on social media about a new
enabled-by-default Dropbox setting that shares Dropbox data with OpenAI for
an experimental AI-powered search feature, but Dropbox says data is only
shared if the feature is actively being used. In a statement to Ars
Technica, a Dropbox representative said, "The third-party AI toggle is only
turned on to give all eligible customers the opportunity to view our new AI
features and functionality, like Dropbox AI. It does not enable customers
to use these features without notice. Any features that use third-party AI
offer disclosure of third-party use, and link to settings that they can
manage. Only after a customer sees the third-party AI transparency banner
and chooses to proceed with asking a question about a file, will that file
be sent to a third-party to generate answers. Our customers are still in
control of when and how they use these features." The only third-party AI
provider for Dropbox is OpenAI, writes Dropbox in the FAQ. "Open AI is an
artificial intelligence research organization that develops cutting-edge
language models and advanced AI technologies. Your data is never used to
train their internal models, and is deleted from OpenAI's servers within 30
days." It also says, "Only the content relevant to an explicit request or
command is sent to our third-party AI partners to generate an answer,
summary, or transcript."

Source: [Dropbox spooks users with new AI features that send data to OpenAI
when used](https://arstechnica.com/?p=1990819)

