---
layout: post
title: "Americans may soon get warnings about ultra-processed foods: Report"
date: 2023-11-11
---

> For the first time, health experts who develop the federal government's
dietary guidelines for Americans are reviewing the effects of
ultra-processed foods on the country's health-a review that could
potentially lead to first-of-their-kind warnings or suggested limits in the
upcoming 2025 guidance, The Washington Post reports. Such warning or limits
would mark the first time that Americans would be advised to consider not
just the basic nutritional components of foods, but also how their foods
are processed. Deirdre K. Tobias, a member of the guidelines advisory
committee, told the Post that the study suggested ultra-processed foods
seem to promote higher "Passive intake" of calories beyond what our bodies
need and that the numerous epidemiological studies suggesting a link
between eating ultra-processed foods and having a higher risk of many
diseases is "As compelling as it can be." She declined to comment directly
on the upcoming guidelines, noting that the committee's work is underway.

Source: [Americans may soon get warnings about ultra-processed foods:
Report](https://arstechnica.com/?p=1982271)

Good!  But also:

> The Post also notes that the food industry has strongly pushed
backwriting directly to the committee telling them not to issue any
warnings or limits. One key point of contention is that there is no exact
or established definition of what counts as "ultra-processed." Generally,
it is considered to include any industrially produced food product with
artificial combinations of flavors and additives, such as artificial
sweeteners, emulsifiers, and synthetic colors. Products that easily fit the
definition include things like chips, frozen dinners, boxed sweetened
cereals, chicken nuggets, and boxed macaroni and cheese.

It would seem that we're best off by eating mostly unprocessed plants.
Let's hope that becomes a focus!

