---
layout: post
title: "Seven years later, Nintendo proves Metroid Prime 4 still exists"
date: 2024-06-19
---

> It has now been almost exactly seven years since Nintendo first announced
Metroid Prime 4 and over five years since the company said it was
restarting work on the game with series mainstay Retro Studios. Nintendo
kept its promise that "There will be no mention of the Nintendo Switch
successor" during today's Nintendo Direct presentation, but a major
first-party franchise game launching in 2025 definitely seems
well-positioned to serve as a showcase for new hardware that Nintendo seems
to be planning for around the same time frame. Metroid Prime 4 also seems
like a prime candidate to be the kind of "Bridge game" that Nintendo
sometimes launches across an aging console and its replacement hardware
simultaneously.

Source: [Seven years later, Nintendo proves Metroid Prime 4 still exists](
https://arstechnica.com/?p=2032147)

Seven years is a long time.  I still have several Metroid games in my
backlog so... I'm fine with waiting.  It's a great series.

Yet, it's also fairly unpopular.  It doesn't sell in the same numbers as
Mario and Zelda.  I have strong doubts that they'd try to "pull a Breath of
the Wild" and launch on both console generations with it being one of the
only launch window games.  Zelda can do that.  Mario can do that.
Metroid?  Well, it's fine if they release two editions (Switch and Switch
2) but I don't think it makes to depend on it to sell the new hardware like
they would with Zelda.  I mean, Metroid barely sells in Japan, as far as I
know.

Just my $0.02.

